src/pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About Me"
---

I’m a Technical Editor with a background in engineering and a passion for automation, emerging technologies, and solving complex problems. I specialize in technical writing and editing with a focus on automation, transforming traditional workflows by leveraging Large Language Models (LLMs), Python scripting, and Docs-as-Code methodologies. Want proof? Check [this](https://github.com/tannerjallen) out.

## What I Do

I’m currently a Senior Technical Editor at Tesla, where I support new product launches and firmware updates across Tesla’s vehicle lineup—including some of the most innovative and best-selling vehicles in the world. My work includes:

- Writing to vehicle firmware and leading the creation of Theory of Operation documents for each vehicle model.
- Composing user and service-facing messages that appear in millions of vehicles and Tesla’s diagnostic tools.
- Owning diagnostic content top to bottom for several vehicle subsystems.
- Automating technical editing tasks using Python, Vale style linter, and LLMs.
- Maintaining Docs-as-Code workflows and contributing to frontend updates for an in-house web application used to diagnose hundreds of thousands of vehicles.

## Background & Expertise

I started my career as an engineer, working for the Illinois Department of Transportation and later on the [$1.2 billion Regional Connector project](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regional_Connector) in downtown Los Angeles. Those experiences taught me the importance of becoming a subject matter expert—a skill that naturally led me to technical editing and writing.

Since joining Tesla, I’ve worked on every major product launch, including:  
✅ 2021+ Model S  
✅ 2021+ Model X  
✅ Semi  
✅ Cybertruck  
✅ 2024+ Model 3  
✅ 2025+ Model Y  
…and some exciting upcoming projects (😉).

Along the way, I’ve learned from plenty of challenges—including the time I told a construction crew to tear down the wrong wall (lesson learned!).

## Skills & Technologies

I put the **technical** in **technical editing**, combining my engineering mindset with automation and modern documentation tools. My expertise includes:

- Docs-as-Code workflows (Markdown, GitHub, single-sourcing content)
- Python scripting to automate tedious or impossible manual tasks—like exporting a 1,200+ page manual in under a week!
- [Vale style linter](https://vale.sh/) & LLMs for content editing
- DITA XML & Oxygen XML Editor
- New product introduction project management

## Beyond Work

Outside of work, I’m constantly learning and building things. I have a deep interest in electronics, vintage technology restoration (currently restoring a 1950s record player), and engineering projects—whether it’s building a laser-cutting cardboard CNC machine or developing an AI-powered dog detection system with Raspberry Pi.

I’m also a _very_ average runner (at what point are you supposed to like running?). I completed a marathon and currently maintain half-marathon fitness with the hope it might save me in an apocalypse though I'm not convinced it will. When I’m not working on my latest tech project or out on a run, you might find me at the driving range, working to improve my golf game.

If you share any of these interests—or just want to connect—reach out!

Commit message:

Updating for software support engineer

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About Me"
---

I’m a Senior Software Product Support Engineer with a background in engineering and a passion for automation, emerging technologies, and solving complex problems. I focus on diagnostics and tooling that keep fleets reliable and in service. Want proof? Check [this](https://github.com/tannerjallen) out.

## What I Do

I’m currently a Senior Software Product Support Engineer at Tesla, where I support scaling the Robotaxi fleet. My work includes:

- Creating and improving tools and processes used for Robotaxi diagnosis and repair.
- Defining workflows for automated, real-time diagnostics running onboard and offboard vehicles.
- Building diagnostic scripts to analyze vehicle logs and guide service technicians.
- Partnering with service technical operations to define repair procedures and boost repair efficiency.
- Identifying product improvements that increase reliability, uptime, and reduce service cost.
- Leading field and remote diagnostics for failures, then coordinating deeper root-cause analysis with design teams.
- Writing to vehicle firmware and leading the creation of Theory of Operation documents for each vehicle model.
- Composing user and service-facing messages that appear in millions of vehicles and Tesla’s diagnostic tools.
- Owning diagnostic content top to bottom for several vehicle subsystems.
- Automating technical editing tasks using Python, Vale style linter, and LLMs.
- Maintaining Docs-as-Code workflows and contributing to frontend updates for an in-house web application used to diagnose hundreds of thousands of vehicles.

## Background & Expertise

I started my career as an engineer, working for the Illinois Department of Transportation and later on the [$1.2 billion Regional Connector project](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regional_Connector) in downtown Los Angeles. Those experiences taught me the importance of becoming a subject matter expert, a skill that naturally led me toward technical writing and eventually into diagnostics and support engineering.

Since joining Tesla, I’ve worked on every major product launch, including:
✅ 2021+ Model S  
✅ 2021+ Model X  
✅ Semi  
✅ Cybertruck  
✅ 2024+ Model 3  
✅ 2025+ Model Y  
…and some exciting upcoming projects (😉).

Along the way, I’ve learned from plenty of challenges—including the time I told a construction crew to tear down the wrong wall (lesson learned!).

## Skills & Technologies

I lead with fleet-scale diagnostics and service automation, including real-time Robotaxi data analysis, scalable service pipelines, and cross-functional alignment to build reliable systems. I combine an engineering mindset with automation and modern tooling. My expertise includes:

- Python scripting and data analysis for diagnostics and automation
- Vehicle log analysis and diagnostics workflows
- Real-time and batch tooling for fleet health monitoring
- Root-cause analysis and cross-functional collaboration
- Process design for scalable service operations

## Beyond Work

Outside of work, I’m constantly learning and building things. I have a deep interest in electronics, vintage technology restoration (currently restoring a 1950s record player), and engineering projects—whether it’s building a laser-cutting cardboard CNC machine or developing an AI-powered dog detection system with Raspberry Pi.

I’m also a _very_ average runner (at what point are you supposed to like running?). I completed a marathon and currently maintain half-marathon fitness with the hope it might save me in an apocalypse though I'm not convinced it will. When I’m not working on my latest tech project or out on a run, you might find me at the driving range, working to improve my golf game.

If you share any of these interests—or just want to connect—reach out!
